
**AidData's Global Chinese Development Finance Dataset, Version 2.0**:
The 2.0 version of AidData’s Global Chinese Development Finance Dataset records the known universe of projects (with development, commercial, or representational intent) supported by official financial and in-kind commitments (or pledges) from China between 2000 and 2017, with implementation details covering a 22-year period (2000-2021). AidData systematically collected and quality-assured all projects in the dataset using the 2.0 version of the TUFF methodology.

**AidData's Global Chinese Military Finance Dataset** contains data on projects backed by financial and in-kind commitments (or pledges) from official sources in China that were provided with military intent.  AidData's Global Chinese Development Finance Dataset (Version 2.0) captures military-related projects supported by official commitments (and pledges) from China that are consistent with OECD-DAC criteria for Official Development Assistance (ODA).  These include any projects with development intent that involve the military and exclude projects supported by official commitments (and pledges) that seek to promote the security interests of the country from which the financial transfer originates (the People’s Republic of China) or strengthen the capabilities of military institutions in the recipient country.  However, given that some users have expressed interest in learning more about projects with military intent that are backed by official financial and kind transfers from China, AidData has recorded these “ODA-adjacent” and “OOF-adjacent” projects in a separate tab of the data file. This tab includes 390 projects worth $9.9 billion in 89 countries that have military intent and are backed by financial and in-kind commitments (or pledges) from official sources in China (e.g., the Ministry of Defense, the People’s Liberation Army, and military state-owned enterprises like NORINCO and Poly Technologies). These projects were committed (or pledged) over an 18-year period (2000- 2017), with implementation details covering a 22-year period (2000-2021).  AidData systematically collected and quality-assured all projects in this dataset using the 2.0 version of the TUFF methodology. However, under OECD-DAC guidelines, they do not clearly qualify as ODA or OOF.

**AidData's Global Huawei Finance Dataset** contains data on projects backed by financial and in-kind commitments (and pledges) from Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. (“Huawei”) and its subsidiaries. AidData's Global Chinese Development Finance Dataset (Version 2.0) includes projects supported by official commitments (and pledges) from China that were implemented by Huawei and its subsidiaries. However, due to uncertainty about whether Huawei should be treated as a private company or state-owned company, it excludes projects backed by financial and in-kind commitments (and pledges) from Huawei and its subsidiaries. At the same time, some users have expressed interest in learning more about Huawei-financed projects, so AidData has recorded these “ODA-adjacent” and “OOF-adjacent” projects in a separate tab in of the data file. This tab includes 152 projects worth $1.7 billion in 63 countries. These projects were backed by financial and in-kind commitments (and pledges) over an 18-year period (2000- 2017), with implementation details covering a 22-year period (2000-2021).  AidData systematically collected and quality-assured all projects in this dataset using the 2.0 version of the TUFF methodology. However, under OECD-DAC guidelines, they do not clearly qualify as ODA or OOF.
